Skills are one of the most powerful
things you can build inside Claw Code
for your business. But what if those
skills could even improve themselves
overnight? I've built over 20 so far,
and getting them from version one to
something reliable usually takes weeks
of tweaking. So you run the skill, you
spot something wrong, you open up the
skill.md file and make a change, and
it's pretty repetitive. It's slow and
it's inconsistent. And then last week,
Andre Carpathy, part of the founding
team at OpenAI and former head of AI at
Tesla, shared an idea called auto
research. So the idea is simple. You
give an AI system something to improve
and one clear way to measure if it got
better. Then it just loops. So it's
trying a change. It's running a test.
It's checking the score. And if the
results improves, it keeps the change.
If not, it rolls it back and tries
something else. And the best thing about
it is it keeps going all night so you
get to sleep and wake up to a better
system. So today we're applying that
exact idea, but to Claude Code skills.
I'm going to show you how to set up a
loop where your skills improve
themselves automatically. Let's get
straight into it. So let's take a quick
look at what Carpathy actually built and
it can pretty much be summarized by
three different files here. So first we
have the program.md which is just a
markdown instruction file that we give
to that agent telling it what we want to
test. We have a fixed data file for
recording all the results. And then we
have a training script that the agent
actually goes in and edits. And the core
of the program.md file or the one that
we edit is actually really summarized by
about 10 lines. And that's all we need
to make it our own. So we've got tune
train.py Pi with an experimental idea by
directly hacking the code, i.e. make a
change. We've got run the experiment as
it sounds. Read out the results. If the
value has improved, then we're going to
advance the branch and keep the commit.
If the value is worse, then we're going
to reset to where we started. And I love
this line down here, too. Never stop.
Once the experiment loop has begun, do
not pause to ask the human if you should
continue. Do not ask if I should keep
going or is this a good stopping point.
The human might be asleep or gone from
the computer and expects you to continue
working indefinitely until you are
manually stopped. You are autonomous.
I.e. just keep working until you've
either improved the results indefinitely
where there's no additional gains to be
made or we interrupt you. So let's talk
about how we apply this directly to our
skills. So before we improve our skills
output, we need Claude to actually use
the skill. So a quick recap because we
covered this in the last video. So
Claude reads, "Your YAML description
decide relevance of the skill and
community testing found that activation
was as low as 20% when you've got vague
descriptions." So basically descriptions
in the YAML are super important inside
the skill. Now the skill creator
anthropic skill, the upgrade already has
a built-in loop for this. So it's
effectively the same pattern as
Carpathy. You give it test queries to
see if a skill activates. Some are going
to trigger the skill, some aren't going
to trigger the skill. and it runs each
multiple times, checks the trigger
accuracy and proposes a better
description to trigger the skill and
then retests that. So you can see this
directly in the improved description.py
file here which is designed to improve a
skill description based on evaluation
results and that runs through the run
loop which combines the evaluation and
the improved description Python files in
a loop. So i.e. it keeps running and
improves the description based on the
trigger accuracy. So did Claude actually
activate the skill at the right time?
Yes or no? That's basically how it
works. So, we already know by this that
this is automated and built into this
skills 2.0 version. So, there's no need
to reinvent the wheel here with skill
descriptions. We're just going to use
anthropics built-in skill creator skill.
But, triggering reliably and producing
actual great outputs from the skills are
different problems. So, the skill
creators eval which we covered in the
last video let you test and score output
quality based on your own defined
metrics. So, we actually went ahead and
tested this. So we had optimize my skill
for making sure my copy follows the
persuasive techniques listed in my
persuasion toolkit reference file which
was just a reference file that we had
inside the marketing copywriting skill.
And then we said measure it on does it
always use that reference file? Does it
use curiosity and open loops? And how
often is it using proof or founderled
stories which were both metrics inside
that persuasion toolkit. And then we
tested it by getting it to write landing
page copy for my school community five
times and testing it against that
criteria. And it was brilliant. It came
up with qualitative feedback on the
skill quality and even displayed it in a
nice click-through dashboard, but it
wasn't self-improving. So, what we're
adding today is making that loop run
autonomously Carpathy style, so it
improves overnight without your inputs.
So, let's visualize them now side by
side so you can see the exact framework
and the same or similar logic that we're
using between Karpathy's original loop
or ours here when applied to skills. So,
we've got read the train.python Python
file, change a value, run a test, check
the value. So this is the metric they're
using, val_bpb,
keep or revert. So it's either going to
if if the score is improved, get commit
it and keep it and run the next loop. Or
if the score is dropped, it's going to
get reset and actually start again and
make a different change. So ours is
seriously similar. It's going to be the
same logic, same infrastructure, but
what we're actually doing is reading
this skill.md file instead. So reading
our skill instructions, process
instructions, changing a value, we're
going to run a test, we're going to
check the pass rate, and then we're
going to keep or revert. So the only
difference here is the metric by which
we're measuring it by. So they're using
a value here. We're checking the pass
rate against 25 binary assertions across
five tests. So we're going to talk about
uh what binary assertions are right now
and why they're important. Now the word
binary is everything here and this is
where most people are getting it wrong
when they're te executing tests on their
skills. So for example we have something
binary on the right hand side. It does
not contain m dashes. So our text
doesn't contain m dashes or it's under
300 words or the final line is a
question. It's all true or false
statements versus something very
subjective like does it have a
compelling subject line. And this is
obviously not binary because two people
can disagree on what compelling actually
means which means we can't actually
automate it. Of course, we can get the
assistance from claw code to say
actually based on certain frameworks,
this is considered compelling, but it's
not this binary true false approach. So,
here's my actual setup. So, inside my
skills here, we've got a marketing
copywriting skill and what we need to do
is set up an eval folder. So, this is
something that the skill creator skill
can actually do for you or you can
actually create this yourself. So, we
set up an eval folder and an eval.json.
And inside that eval.json, JSON, we've
got 25 assertions or true or false
binary things that we can check or the
autonomous agent can actually go through
and check and make sure are true or not.
So, for example, for the copyrightiting
skill for the first test, we're going to
feed in the prompt, write a LinkedIn
post about why simple automations beat
complex ones with an expected output of
a LinkedIn post following brand
structure rules. And it's grabbing those
brand structure rules from our reference
files. So, our contextual files inside
the skill. So, we've got a tone of voice
guide, we've got persuasion toolkit,
we've got examples of good posts inside
there. But what we're doing is actually
testing things that are totally based on
this skill.md and the process. So, does
the first line appear as a standalone
sentence and not part as paragraph? That
is going to be marked true or false.
Does it contain at least one specific
number or statistic? Is the final line
not a question? I don't like questions
as the final line in my posts. Is the
total word count under 300? And you get
the point. We have various different uh
tests that we run with different prompts
and different assertions that are going
to come back true or false. And this
enables the loop to go through each of
these assertions, validate whether it's
true or false, and then make a change to
the skill.md if it's not hit perfect
score. And of course, you don't need to
go through and actually create this
manually, this evals.json. You can just
ask cloud code to spin up an evals.json
file with assertions that can be
validated by true or false questions
based on your skill.md. And then what
we're effectively doing is feeding in a
prompt, seeing does it hit those
assertions. If it doesn't, then we need
to improve our skill.md so that clog
code is able to follow it every single
time. And then after that, all you need
to do to run this autonomously is say to
use the skill creator skill. We probably
didn't need to say that even run a
self-improvement loop on my copywriting
skill. We'll point it to our evals file
to evaluate each iteration. We're
telling it to basically use the same
principles, detect whether it passes or
fails, and then return a pass fail mark.
If any of the assertions fail, make one
change to the skilled atm. So, we're
doing the exact same logic that we spoke
about in that diagram. If any fail,
rerun the tests and recalculate. If the
score improved, keep the change and get
commit. If it dropped, get reset and
make a new change. It's going to log
everything. And we've also given it the
instruction to not ask for my
permissions and keep looping until I
interrupt you or you hit a perfect
score. So, we can run through that. And
what we've effectively got here is on
the first run of this, we've scored 23
out of 24. So, as I've already
mentioned, this is like the fifth
version of this marketing copywriting
skill. So, it's already gone through
quite comprehensive iterations and
changes. But you can see on the first
iteration of this test, we had a 95.8%
success rate. One of the assertions
failed, which was end with a question
rule, which was actually a rule in the
tone of voice.md, but not in the
skill.md. So, that we had contrasting
information there. So, it added a rule
to the skill.md. LinkedIn post must not
end with a question, close with
declarative statement, CTA, or a punchy
fragment. And then on the second time it
actually ran that and it got a perfect
score. So obviously we're talking about
an example that only need two runs to be
perfect, but where you've just created a
skill. This will take many runs to
actually refine and improve on the skill
here. So get claw code to write your
assertions once, set up the loop and you
can literally let it run overnight and
come back to a skill the next day or
multiple agents running multiple tests
on these skills. They're actually
structurally more sound. So there's two
layers of skill self-improvement. Layer
one is the skill creator's own
description improvement loop to improve
skill activation to get it to actually
trigger a skill in the first place. And
layer two is our amended carpathy loop
for skill outputs that use those binary
true false assertions and a score and
then autonomous improvement through a
simple prompt where we ask it to
actually use the evals and continue to
loop until we are happy it's met a
certain criteria. Now a quick note on
limitations. The binary loop handles
structure, format, word counts,
forbidden patterns, but it does not
handle tone of voice, creative quality,
whether your skill is actually using the
context you've put in your reference
files properly. Those still need a bit
of human judgment. But if you watched
the last video, you already know how to
use the skill creator tool for that
where it gives you a sideby-side
dashboard to review the qualitative
output, write feedback, and even AB test
your reference files. Whereas this
binary loop can be used for the more
structural stuff. Now, if you're looking
for bespoke skills to run your business,
we've just launched a complete agentic
operating system built on claw code that
ties all of this, including all the
skills into one system. So, it has your
brand memory, 18 production skills
across marketing, strategy, ops, and
visuals, too. A self-learning loop,
self-maintenance, and you can access it
through your phone through Telegram,
too. So, it's not a personal assistant.
It's entire business context packaged
into a system that gets sharper every
time you use it. Links down in the
description if you want more info. And
thanks so much for watching.